and smart strive will win at a price 12
to 1 welcome to the buzz
well year-round New York has one of the
most competitive riding colonies in the
country even in winter times at Aqueduct
but this winter one jock is really
starting to heat it up and she goes by
the name of Jackie Davis I think this
year I turned the corner because I got
to ride at Suffolk Downs and I got an
opportunity to to fight for leading
rider title and my confidence got built
up and and now I'm riding with a little
much a little better colony so I get to
try to step it up and show what I've
learned all year well I think Jackie's
driving a lot better she's riding with
good riders the best riders in the
country and when you do that you know
day in and day out you will get better
and she does right a lot of races and in
Boston and Suffolk County that will
improve your racing skills where she
she's bringing that over here and every
year she gets a little stronger and a
little better I feel that jackie has
built a lot of confidence and at Suffolk
Downs riding there and
to her success here at abductor center
meet since coming back to aqueduct this
winter Jackie has rewarded her backers
with a 14 percent win clip we caught up
with her to see what she attributes to
the screen that success was my success
from Boston I a lot more trainers have a
little more confidence into me to use me
on on a little better stock and thanks
to my agent Roger he he's getting a
little more push so you'd go a little
more edge to help me in and we're doing
great the plan right now is for me to go
back to Boston and Duke it out for the
leading rider but if I happen to build
up enough business to stay I would love
to be here Jackie's recent success
really goes to show you what hard work
and confidence can do and not only is
she bringing in the winners but she's
getting a chance to let her hair
for the buzz I'm Maggie whooping Dale